docs(design): Design for `db.Backend` integration (#4441)
ChainSafe/gossamer: docs/docs/design/client-db-integration.md

## Overview of current code

There need to be something that utilizes `db.Backend` to fulfill the current `state.BlockState` and `state.InmemoryStorageState` functionalities.

### `BlockState`

Currently the `state.BlockState` type is essentially used to store block history and to set finalization for stored blocks. The type `state.BlockState` does not have a corresponding interface that represents the entire public API of the type.  After looking through the code, I've compiled the entire public interface of `state.BlockState` that is called by other packages.  The interface is as follows:

```go
type BlockState interface {
	AddBlock(*types.Block) error
	AddBlockWithArrivalTime(block *types.Block, arrivalTime time.Time) error

	BestBlock() (*types.Block, error) 
	BestBlockHash() common.Hash
	BestBlockHeader() (*types.Header, error)
	BestBlockNumber() (number uint, err error)
	GenesisHash() common.Hash

	GetBlockBody(hash common.Hash) (*types.Body, error)
	GetBlockStateRoot(bhash common.Hash) (common.Hash, error)

> 	GetBlockByHash(common.Hash) (*types.Block, error)

Reviewer: How is this different from `GetBlockBody()`?

Reviewer 2: The response types?

Reviewer: Duh. It was late when I read this... 🙈

#### Retrieving and storing `TrieState` 

```go
TrieState(root *common.Hash) (*rtstorage.TrieState, error)
StoreTrie(*rtstorage.TrieState, *types.Header) error
```	
 The `TrieState()` method defined in `StorageState` is responsible for retrieving the state trie for a given block hash.  It retrieves the `Trie` associated to the block hash and returns a `*rtstorage.TrieState`.  This method is almost exclusively called before calling `Instance.SetContextStorage` to be able track storage changes by a runtime instance. There are methods in `TrieState` that handle storage changes as well as starting, rolling back, and committing transactions.  The changes are handled through [`storageDiff`](https://github.com/ChainSafe/gossamer/blob/2eff00475ac1234ac1701f596808f93b3bf0bd46/lib/runtime/storage/storagediff.go#L24) currently, which keep all the changes in memory before commiting, and applying them to a new in-memory trie to compute the state root.  `StoreTrie` is explicitly called to persist the trie in `InmemoryStorageState` to be accessible later.
 

> Given that storing a block and it's associated storage changes are handled in one `BlockImportOperation`, we should remove the `StoreTrie` method entirely from `StorageState`.  Rather `BlockState.AddBlock` should accept an introduced [`OverlayedChanges`](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/ad8620922bd7c0477b25c7dfd6fc233641cb27ae/substrate/primitives/state-machine/src/overlayed_changes/mod.rs#L99) type analagous to the substrate primitive. I propose creating an interface around `TrieState` first.  Second, we create a new type that implements `TrieState` which combines the read-only `TrieBackend` of the block hash, as well as the `OverlayedChanges` type that can be extracted before calling `AddBlock`.  This new `TrieState` will be passed into the runtime instance.  This introduced implementation of `TrieState` is analagous to the substrate primitive [`sp_statemachine::ext::Ext`](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/6c3219ebe9231a0305f53c7b33cb558d46058062/substrate/primitives/state-machine/src/ext.rs#L92) and the analgous trait to the `TrieState` interface is [`sp_externalities::Externalities`](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/ad8620922bd7c0477b25c7dfd6fc233641cb27ae/substrate/primitives/externalities/src/lib.rs#L81). By following this approach, it should limit the amount of changes within the wazero runtime instance code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Given that storing a block and it's associated storage changes are handled in one `BlockImportOperation`, we should remove the `StoreTrie` method entirely from `StorageState`. Rather `BlockState.AddBlock` should accept an introduced [`OverlayedChanges`](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/ad8620922bd7c0477b25c7dfd6fc233641cb27ae/substrate/primitives/state-machine/src/overlayed_changes/mod.rs#L99) type analogous to the substrate primitive. I propose creating an interface around `TrieState` first. Second, we create a new type that implements `TrieState` which combines the read-only `TrieBackend` of the block hash, as well as the `OverlayedChanges` type that can be extracted before calling `AddBlock`. This new `TrieState` will be passed into the runtime instance. This introduced implementation of `TrieState` is analogous to the substrate primitive [`sp_statemachine::ext::Ext`](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/6c3219ebe9231a0305f53c7b33cb558d46058062/substrate/primitives/state-machine/src/ext.rs#L92) and the analogous trait to the `TrieState` interface is [`sp_externalities::Externalities`](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/blob/ad8620922bd7c0477b25c7dfd6fc233641cb27ae/substrate/primitives/externalities/src/lib.rs#L81). By following this approach, it should limit the amount of changes within the wazero runtime instance code.
```

Author: lol I can't figure out what the difference is.

Author: nm, I see I spelled analogous wrong.
